Remove/Update version strings from docs links (#14476)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/datetime/system-text-json-support.md

# DateTime and DateTimeOffset support in System.Text.Json

The System.Text.Json library parses and writes <xref:System.DateTime> and <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> values according to the ISO 8601:-2019 extended profile.

> [Converters](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.text.json.serialization.jsonconverter-1) provide custom support for serializing and deserializing with <xref:System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Converters](xref:System.Text.Json.Serialization.JsonConverter%601) provide custom support for serializing and deserializing with <xref:System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer>.
```

## Custom support for <xref:System.DateTime> and <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> in <xref:System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer>

If you want the serializer to perform custom parsing or formatting, you can implement

> [custom converters](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.text.json.serialization.jsonconverter-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[custom converters](xref:System.Text.Json.Serialization.JsonConverter%601).
```
